# Duke: The Last Dance
May 9, 2022
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;  
Minecraft is a deceptively simple game that ruled over my middle and high school days. I’d come home, scrap together a meal, and just watch youtubers or play on servers for hours. There was a gleaming sense of freedom that emanated from the game, a feeling that contrasted heavily with the overbearing weight of school and badminton.  
These are the times I’m swept back to whenever I play [Droopy Likes Ricochet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONbX9QCL36k), a song not even present in the game but in the game’s official soundtrack release. It was an era of mixed frustration and faux freedom, but hope of the future. Coming to college, I didn’t think I’d ever play again, but Covid made sure our lives would not be the same. Somehow I picked it up again with some friends over quarantine. And for many weeks, I was brought back to that era of my life.  
With almost a year and a half cut away by Covid, certainly nobody expected to have the college experiences that we’ve had. I’ve been naïvely angry and upset over and over again about these events. But throughout this last semester, all I’ve really felt is gratitude. It’s an appreciation for the moments I did get back with those I cared about, whether it was the long facetime calls to get through quarantine, living off campus for the first time in my semester off, or finding myself on the other side of the country for many months.  
I remember staring up at the night skies from the Keys and being reminded of our Pale Blue Dot, and more so, our home in Durham. It was in this small blip on the globe that we ate, laughed, studied, cried, and lived in probably the most pivotal years of our lives thus far. In the residence halls from Bassett to Crowell to Edens, and in places like WU or Vondy or Card Gym, everything I’ve known and loved was there. And it was there that I faced some of my greatest hardships.  
School is tough. It sucks you in and twists and turns you through academic and social hurdles. Supposedly by the end of it, you’ll have come out as a glimmering academic, ready to make the world your oyster. But I think we all know how it can leave you with a sickened stomach or a shattered will. From butchered problem sets to broken hearts, I often wondered if I could even persevere. I contemplated if I even wanted to endure another semester. But now, if I could be as selfish as to make just another prayer, I would just ask for more time.  
Despite the stress and anxiety of exams or interviews, I wish I could have a late night walk back from second floor Bostock one more time. Despite the monotony of what we once thought was superb dining, I wish I could feast on a Ginger and Soy bowl at WU one more time. And despite how dull and distant Edens was, I wish I could enjoy the nights in the rooms and the Bolt one more time.   
Perhaps most of all, I wish I could run it all back with my friends one more time. I wasn’t a great person before college, and I’m still working on it. I’m trying every day to acknowledge who I was and who I want to be. So to all my dear friends and to basically everyone I’ve met, thank you for taking a chance on me. Thanks for pulling me out of my mental shells. Thanks for pushing me forward in the darkest times. Thanks for making Duke my home, even if just for a moment. Thanks for making me who I am today and for making me realize what it feels to be alive.  
&nbsp;  
There’s one more quote that has stuck with me for a long time that I wanted to share.  
> *“In the face of such hopelessness as our eventual, unavoidable death, there is little sense in not at least TRYING to accomplish all your wildest dreams in life.”* - Kevin Smith
>  
I don’t know what’s ahead of me. But I won’t give up now, not in the future, not ever.